Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

Yes, this approach is misleading, one cannot compare and say that Jill Steih
and Gary Johnson are more similar than Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, by
just one fact. If you see Jill Steih follows 1648 people and Gar Johnson follows
3481 people, while Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump follows 762 people and 45
people respectively. If you see in the friend overlap function Jill Steih have
238 common friends from a total of 5129 friends, while Hillary and Donald have
1 common friend from a total of 807 friends, so if you see from this observation
Donald and Hillary seems to be more similar than Jill and Gary.

Though the best approach is to use Jaccard Index. It can be used by comparing
the similarity of the given data set.
J(X,Y) = |X Intersection Y|/ |X Union Y|




2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.


As Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump both were against each other in 2016
Presidential Election to be in the White House. Donald Trump now being the
President of the United States and Hillary Clinton being one of the most
popular presidential candidate, and as Hillary Clinton was supported by
Barack Obama the 44th President of United States, the WhiteHouse twitter
handle directly present the information from President’s of United States,
that’s why the WhiteHouse is followed by both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump.










3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?


Gary Earl Johnson is an American businessman, author, and politician. He was the
29th Governor of New Mexico from 1995 to 2003 as a member of the Republican Party.
He was also the Libertarian Party nominee for President of the United States in
the 2012 and 2016 elections. While Donald Trump is the 45th President of United States
and was a very successful and known business before becoming the President of
United States. Since Donald Trump is already very influential and popular so he
doesn’t need to follow many people to share his view, he only follows his different
companies, family friends and business partners, while Gary Johnson is not that
influential or popular as other presidential candidates, so he need to follow
many people to share his view and make a standing and as well expand his business
opportunity.
I think the only affect on our analysis will be that as Donald Trump friends
are less, more twitter request can be placed without giving twitter 429 error.







4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

Friends per candidate:
DrJillStein 1648
GovGaryJohnson 3481
HillaryClinton 762
realDonaldTrump 45

Total request: 5936/15 = 395.7 , rounding it of to 396 set's of request.
Assuming the first set is of 15 request is placed at 0 second, therefore
Total time taken is 395*15= 5925 minutes
